(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Furu
kisetsu no kaze wo
ukete Kagayaku saik
ou no HANDEL Awakad
ashi jidai wo karuku ko
ete Shiro wo hidori de
machi e DAIBIN I W
ANNA TAKE PARADISE Hayaru
mono bakari Minitsukete ts
uyoi SUGAEROU KOS
O KUBAI KIMARU
KARA EVERYBODY CAN DO!
Hashiri deshita Yume wa
itsumo towaranai sa Ash
ita mo koukai ni Ts
ukou nagu wa EVERYBOD
Y CAN DO!
Sukoshi kurai Hamidashite
mo Itakunai sa Sawag
u koukishin daite
Tsuyoku kakashiro
eta BONUS
BATTLE Now, everyone.
Over the past few years, we have been
troubled by a certain person.
And that person is...
THIS MAN!
Every year, the leader of the Great
League has come up with all kinds of
measures to challenge this man.
But...
All of them have failed.
All we have left is a heavy sense
of defeat.
Sendai was just one step away.
I can still remember the humiliation of
two years ago.
When I think about this man, I can
't sleep at night because I'm so
frustrated.
But that will end this year.
This is the end!
Because I became the leader, I will definitely
...
DIE!
This year, I will make Ryotsu
Kankichi pay for his debts!
Hey, I'm sorry to bother you, but
you have to get inside.
I know.
And so, everyone, the 21st Ryots
u Kankichi Bonus Battle strategy meeting
is about to begin.
It'll be over soon.
Mr. Kikuchi, you know, if you
bring a baby to an important meeting, it
'll be a problem.
It can't be helped.
My wife said, men who can't even
pay their debts are the worst.
That's why she left the house.
I...
I've been offered a deposit that R
yo-san won't pay.
But in reality, I don't think R
yo-san can do anything about it.
What are you talking about?
Your beloved father, Sato Dehiro,
the former manager, as the 8th president
of the shopping district, risked his life
to pay off Ryo-san's
debt.
Yeah, he was determined to do anything.
He was the one who started the sports
meeting.
But thanks to that, it was all in
vain.
It was a bad, bad plan.
That's right.
This time, in order to get Ryo
-san's bonus, I've prepared a
new weapon.
A new weapon?
30 years of living in a plastic model
shop.
I've invested all the technology I have,
and spent 90% of the shopping district
's expenses and 3 months to develop it.
This is it.
Ryo Tsukankichi Navigation
System.
In short, Ryo Navi.
Everything is ready.
All we have to do is catch R
yo-san on the day and get
the bonus.
The name of the operation is the Sky
Eye Operation.
Ryo-san, Chihika
Ryo Tsukankichi-san.
Yes.
Here's the bonus for this time.
Yahoo!
Thinking about it, for 180 days and 2
days, every day, every day, I've endured
the boss's harassment and continued to go
to the police station.
Everything was for you, for this cute little
bonus.
Ryo-san, what are you going
to use for this year's bonus?
Actually, I've reserved a 1 in 12
model of the limited edition NASA-specific
Radicom Space Shuttle.
You're always like that.
Well, let's go to the bank right
away.
Let's go to the bank.
If you don't pay the deposit today,
it'll be canceled.
Even if you look at it, there are
30 people.
It's more alert than usual.
It's going to be hard.
You're late.
It's about time to come out.
You're already out, aren't you?
Yeah.
People who dress up like sunglasses are easy.
Oh, no.
The bonus.
Hello, miss.
I dropped this.
Oh, thank you very much.
You're welcome.
What?
What is it?
I felt like you looked like a run
away nanny.
If you look closely, you're more beautiful
than a nanny.
Oh, I'm flattered.
Well, then.
Be careful.
That was close.
But these guys are a nuisance.
Hey, Mr. Ryo.
Huh?
I forgot my money.
Oh, I'm sorry.
What?
Oh, no.
It's Mr. Ryo.
What?
Give me back my money.
My salary.
What?
You can't do that.
I thought you were a good guy.
Take this.
Kumo Academy.
You bastard.
Over there.
I'm going to kill you.
Well, then.
I'll take the bonus.
It's a ramen shop.
What's wrong?
Where is it?
Over there.
When did you get here?
Dammit, I'm done for!
Ozaki-san, please respond!
This is Katsushika Prefecture.
The ambush was a failure.
Ryo-san has escaped.
Emergency action has begun.
Roger.
Ozaki-san, are you okay?
At this point, Ryo-san has
already predicted that he would escape.
Now is the real start of the Sky
Eye operation!
Ryo-san's belt is equipped
with a navigation computer.
The satellite is able to detect the radio
waves and find out where he is.
This is a piece of cake.
Will this really work?
The U.
S.
military uses this system, too.
It's more than 200% reliable.
But I just can't trust these new
machines.
Yes, yes.
Just by looking at it, you'll be
fine.
Ryo Navi, start operation.
Commence operation.
Hm?
What is this shining dot?
It's Ryo-san's current
location.
The target is heading to the Kame
ari Bank through the back road.
Go ahead and ambush him.
Roger.
Ryo-san, there's no point
in trying to escape.
Your location is being monitored from the sky.
Welcome!
Ryo-san, wait for me.
For the bonus, go to the Kame
ari Shopping Street.
Oh, no!
He's ahead of us!
All right!
Street Riders, move out!
I'm counting on you!
Damn it!
I'll show you the skills of a
motorcycle I just trained in the front!
You even prepared a motorcycle?
You're a weirdo!
Buddy!
You're charging too fast!
Hm?
Don't be naive, Ryo-san!
I used to be a professional racer!
I've been told so many times that
I can't even hear myself!
Hello?
Street Riders have been wiped
out.
He's going to cross the Nakaga
wa River and go to the next town.
Ryo-san is heading to the
next town.
Shoot him in the middle of the bridge.
Damn it!
They're really going all out this year!
It's safer to leave the town and
go to the bank in the next town.
Yeah.
Huh?
You can't go through here, Ryo
-san!
N-No way!
How did you know where to go?
Huh?
Ryo-san, there's no way
out.
What's going on?
Give me a bonus!
Give Ryo-san a bonus!
Everyone!
Bonus!
Damn it!
I'm not going to let you!
He can't be jumping into the river
in midwinter!
He's running away!
Wait, you...
Let go!
We're humans!
If you jump into the water, you'll
die!
Let go!
Here.
What are you doing?
Did you drop this miserable gate
ball?
Or is it the Nagashima Sh
igeo's ball?
Nagashima's sign ball.
Of course it's the gate ball!
Of course I'm going to do it!
I'm going to borrow some fire.
Ow, ow, ow, ow.
Darn it.
How does he know where I'm going?
What's this code?
A battery in a case?
Ah!
He was monitoring me with a navigation system!
That's a good idea.
But I'm not going to get caught
that easily.
I have an important mission.
I have to go to the ban
k and deposit the money Idiot!
Idiot!
What's an idiot?
Oh, that's right.
My pot isn't so weak that it
could break just by jumping into the river.
Are you sure this is where Ryo
is?
I can't trust you at all.
Hey, Mr. Ohara.
How is it?
Did you catch Ryo?
It's a matter of time.
This is all thanks to Mr. Ohara
's help.
It's a piece of cake to replace
Ryo's belt.
I can't cause any more trouble to
you No, no.
Please feel free to stay on the big
boat.
Thank you.
Mr. Ozaki!
What is it, Grandma?
You haven't been moving for a while
now.
Did you break something?
No, I didn't.
It's closed.
It looks like he ran away and is
taking a break.
Mr. Ohara.
I'll put the last of Ryo
on the rice.
Oh!
Is it finally time?
Please get on.
Yes!
All units, all units!
Ryo is currently in the final stages
of the operation to defeat the Kame
hameha Hybrid.
All units, to the hotel!
Is R
yo here?
I can't trust the latest technology.
This option CD-ROM synchronizes
with the radio waves from the satellite and
finds Ryo's location in the hotel
in the nick of time.
All units!
Ryo is in the 817th
room on the veranda.
A is in the 816th room
on the veranda.
B is in the 818th room
C and D are in the 817
th room on the veranda.
The Kamehameha Hybrid's
survival depends on this battle.
All units, do your best!
Make sure you win!
Yuki, we're finally a team.
Mr. Tsutsumi.
B is in position.
Go ahead, B.
B is in the 818th room
on the veranda.
C and D are in position.
Roger.
Countdown begins.
5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Charge!
Report.
Did you succeed in capturing the target?
C-Crow!
Crow?
The one on the veranda isn't
Ryo.
It's a crow with Ryo's
belt on it.
N-No way.
I can't believe our strategy
worked.
That's why I said you can't
trust machines.
Looks like I won this time, too.
Now, it's time to wash the cash.
Oh, there's money on the floor.
Money?
Money, money, money, money!
Oh, I found it.
I got it.
A children's bank?
Damn it!
I didn't trick you!
See?
I didn't have to use the machine
many times to catch you.
Y-You're right.
This might be the best way for R
yo.
As expected of a child.
Pathetic.
What have I been doing all this time?
Come on, line up.
Is that okay, Mr. Ohara?
Here you go.
Please take it.
Sorry, Ryo.
I'll take it.
Yeah.
What's wrong?
You don't look well.
It's my fault for not paying you.
Just take it.
Oh, really?
You don't feel well when I say
that, do you?
I'm sorry, Sachiko.
I think I can still catch up with
you.
Who's that girl?
She's my little sister, Sachiko.
That's right.
Sachiko is working in a cold country
where her limbs are numb and her bones
are frozen.
What?
She's still a child.
Why is that?
It's a long story.
I'll never forget it.
Sachiko was born on a snowy,
cold night.
Her father and mother were happy.
They wished her to grow up to be
a happy child.
That's why they named her Sachiko.
But...
Her parents died in an accident.
The insurance money that was supposed to cover
it was stolen by a bad broker.
The house collapsed as if
it were being chased.
On top of that, Sachiko's parents
died.
Her business failed and she had to pay
a debt of 200 million yen.
Her relative, who helped her pay the debt,
took her away.
But...
Her relative was actually the president of a
bad construction company.
He forced her to work even when she
was a child.
He didn't even let her eat properly.
I tried to get her back, but every
time I tried, I got a 200 million
yen fine.
And then I made up my mind.
If I had just worked hard, I wouldn
't have made it before Sachiko grew
up.
I would have spent all my salary and
bonuses on debt repayment.
I don't care how much people in
the world hate me for that.
But my brother was wrong.
Even though you're poor, you caused so
much trouble for so many people.
You should be ashamed of yoursel
f!
I see.
So that's what happened.
I didn't even know that.
Please forgive me for calling you a human
scum.
It's okay, Bujo.
Everyone, I may have done it the wrong
way.
But he was trying to live his life
as a human being.
Please forgive him on behalf of Oha
ra Daijirou.
I'm the one who should be forgiven.
I didn't even think about Ryo
's situation.
I was just trying to get a bonus.
Here, Ryo.
This is your bonus.
Hurry up and give it to your sister.
But this is...
I don't care about the debt.
I'm a million times happier than R
yo.
Ryo!
Don't lose!
I'll never forget your kindness.
I'm sure your sister will be happy,
too.
Hello, everyone.
What's going on?
Oh, what's this?
That's Ryo's sister, Sachiko.
That's strange.
This is just a part of the magazine.
And you don't have a sister, do
you?
No, I don't.
What?
No!
If Ryo gets caught up in that,
it's impossible for him to get my
bonus.
Thank you very much.
Now, all I have to do is go
to the bank.
What the hell is this?
Who did this to you?
According to past data, you have a 95
% chance of getting caught up in this
coffee shop.
Just as I thought.
It was worth the wait.
What are you wearing?
This is the debt-collecting
weapon for Ryo Tsukankichi.
Debt-X.
Debt-X?
It was secretly developed for next year's
bonus race.
It's already 80% complete.
I knew it.
According to my calculations, I should be able
to beat you with this.
Connecting with this Debt-X
...
That's Ryo for you!
I got it!
This won't do!
Electric Shock!
Take this!
Don't worry.
Considering your physical strength, I'll set the
voltage so that you won't die.
Well, you'll probably faint, but...
Electric Shock!
My bonus!
I don't want to do something like
this.
It's your fault for not paying the
debt.
Anyway, I'll take your bonus.
What's wrong?
Huh?
I was so close!
Damn it!
Now you know!
It's impossible for you to take my
bonus!
Even if the boss allows it, God won
't allow it!
As I thought, God won't...
Wait!
Wait, wait!
Give it to me first!
No!
So, what are you doing, Ryo?
If there's any money left in the
bank, he'll give it to me.
That's a lot of work.
Ryo, if you want to pay the
debt, I can help you.
Stop talking!
It requires concentration.
My bonus!
I'll take your bonus next year.
Ryo Tsukankichi!
I did it!
Thanks to the Katsushika office
's survey, I was finally chosen as the
No.
1 A man is not about his face
or body, but his heart!
Do you understand?
Next time on Ryo's Mecha
-Pote Declaration!
I'm counting on you!
Even if I try to stop the clock
Time will pass Don't look away La
ugh it off and live on Even if
today is a rainy day Tomorrow
will be a sunny day Bye-bye,
let's wave our hands Goodbye to the
bad things Let's live the way
we like Good things will happen The sun
is calling out the door To be continued